I think I may have accidentally ruined
one of the most useful farms in all of
Minecraft for everyone. It all started
when I made this short about a really
old bug in the game that caused the
wrong reinforcements to spawn when an
undead mob is attacked. For example,
when zombified piglins are attacked,
they should spawn in zombified piglin
reinforcements. But instead, all
reinforcements were being spawned as
regular zombies. This meant that there
was no way to get a trident and super
flap because drowned only naturally
spawn in aquatic biomes. And the only
other way to get a natural drown to
spawn is using this reinforcement
mechanic. After I called attention to
the bug, it ended up finally getting
fixed. And now you can get Trident in
structuralist superflat or really almost
any challenge world that rains and has
zombie spawn. But it came at a terrible
price because it destroyed copper farms
that relied on this bug to function.
Before the bug was fixed and drown still
spawned in zombie reinforcements, the
zombies would take way longer to convert
to drowned and then eventually die from
the player sweeping edge. Now the drown
die out faster than they can be
replaced, which means the best source of
copper in Super Flat is gone. Of course,
this is even more devastating and
structural is super flat where you can't
get copper from trial chambers. Truly,
the Trident has been my monkeykey's paw.
So, I'd like to apologize to the entire
technical Minecraft community and to
everybody watching. Be careful what you
wish